976 convert start pages to generate markdown (#1052)
GSA/notifications-admin: app/content/get-started.md

Reviewer: HTML is valid Markdown, but for our purposes we'd like to have this file be non-HTML Markdown. That'll hopefully make it easier for non-developers to edit this.

For example, the first line here should be 
```
# Get started
```

Author: Would you like me to modify the md file to only use markdown (where possible)? I assume we'll keep the jinja template tags in the markdown file?

Reviewer: Yes, please! I am assuming that Jinja tags will still work, but I have not tried it myself to confirm that.

Author: They will work. It passes through the markdown conversion first so the template will look normal (tags + HTML) to the render_template_string method.

    <p>Add <a class="usa-link" href="{{ url_for('.manage_users', service_id=current_service.id) }}">team members</a> and check their permissions.</p>
    {% endif %}
  </li>

  <!-- <li class="get-started-list__item">
    <h2 class="usa-process-list__heading  line-height-sans-1">Set up an API integration (optional)</h2>
    <p>You can use the Notify API to send messages automatically.</p>
    <p>Our <a class="usa-link" href="{{ url_for('main.documentation') }}">documentation</a> explains how to integrate the API with a web application or back office system.</p>
  </li> -->

  <li class="usa-process-list__item padding-bottom-4">
    <h2 class="usa-process-list__heading line-height-sans-3">Start sending messages</h2>
    {% if not current_user.is_authenticated or not current_service %}
    <p>When you’re ready to send messages to people outside your team, go to the <b class="bold">Settings</b> page and select <b class="bold">Request to go live</b>. We’ll approve your request within one working day.</p>
    {% else %}

>     <p>You should <a class="usa-link" href="{{ url_for('.request_to_go_live', service_id=current_service.id) }}">request to go live</a> when you’re ready to send messages to people outside your team. We’ll approve your request within one working day.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <p>You should <a class="usa-link" href="{{ url_for('.support') }}">request to go live</a> when you’re ready to send messages to people outside your team. We’ll approve your request within one working day.</p>
```

I recently changed https://github.com/GSA/notifications-admin/blob/main/app/templates/views/get-started.html, so the `request_to_go_live` route no longer exists. This should fix the current build error.
